#summary Things that need addressing.

= Introduction =

job_inactives_controller.rb


= Details =

job_inactives_controller.rb - a way to kind of "reverse" grab all instance variables and their values of an object?
e.g. let x be some hash that is (:a => "b", :c => "d")
Given y = SomeObject.new(x), I want to be able to retrieve x.

= Nice Features to Have in the Future =
  * Color-code the tags based on what type they are (name of category, name of course, name of proglang, etc.)
  * Add a "my posted jobs" type thing on the dashboard


= Known Bugs =

- <s>Editing a job:  Enter a new job with a title filled and description blank. Then hit submit. validation error occurs, but this time the faculty names dropdown is totally empty.</s> <b><font color="red">Fixed in r93</font></b>

- Filtering / searching doesn't work that well. For example, a job with title "hihi" won't be found by typing "hi" into the box.  Ignore quotes of course.

- When editing a job, any attempts to change the faculty member associated with the job fail. I.e. if you click Update, the faculty doesn't change.  (Title, desc, other fields update just fine, but the faculties don't update).  This probably has something to do with sponsorships.. not quite sure how though.

- When viewing faculty dropdown lists, faculties with names containing letters with accent marks like "Bjorn" or "Sequin" have a "box with a question mark" symbol instead of the proper letter.

= Solr Stuff =

On windows, use:
{{{rake solr:start_win}}}
On Unix use
{{{rake solr:start}}}